README.md, before:

Hello :wave:

My name is James and I am most interested in using computers to help build a better world with AI/ML technologies.

I am currently a Master of AI student at [Victoria University of Wellington](https://www.wgtn.ac.nz/).

If you have any interesting project in this space that you think I should know about you can contact me at 1jamesthompson1@gmail.com

More updates about my work can be found on my [website](https://1jamesthompson1.github.io/) (that I endeavour to write on more often!).

Check out some of my repositories to see some of my work.  
_Note that due to being in university the last few years most of my owrk has to be private as it was for graded assignments._

Some of my recent projects include:
- Using LLMs to read transport accident investigation reports. https://github.com/1jamesthompson1/TAIC-report-summary
- Developing a complete booking and invoive system for a music school. https://github.com/The-Rock-Academy
- Working on and expanding an R statistic package to make it more accessible to vision impaired users. https://github.com/ajrgodfrey/BrailleR


Have a great day!

Commit message:

Revise README with updated projects and interests
Updated personal information, project descriptions, and added new sections.

README.md, after:

> My name is James and I am most interested in using computers to help build a better world with AI/ML technologies and also stopping AI/ML from making the world worse

### Currently
I am currently a Master of AI student at [Victoria University of Wellington](https://www.wgtn.ac.nz/).

Very interested in AI safey (technical alignment, malignment evaluation), as well as Reinforcement Learning (Neuroevolution is an amazing intersection), Large Language Models.

I am always keen to here about any ideas and projects that involve using Artifical Compute to make the world a better place.

[**CV**](https://github.com/1jamesthompson1/james_thompson_cv/blob/main/output/CV.pdf)

I techincally have a [website](https://1jamesthompson1.github.io/) (that I endeavour to write on more often!).

### Recent projects

| name | description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [TAIC engine](https://github.com/1jamesthompson1/TAIC-report-summary) | Using LLMs and classical NLP methods to scrape and curate a database of identified; safety issues, recommendations etc from various national agencies transport investigations groups. This database is used for analysis as well as powering multiple [smart tools](https://github.com/1jamesthompson1/TAIC_smart_assistant) used internally <br> _Funded by the New Zealand Transport Accident Investigation Commission_
| [Exploring Deep Reinforcement learning for Continuous Robotic control](https://github.com/1jamesthompson1/AIML440_report/blob/main/output/JamesThompsonAIML440Report.pdf) | A project that involved exploring current SOTA methods for training agents to control robots in various simulated environments.<br>_Completed as part of Master of AI_|
| [Getting a LLM to cheat at chess](https://github.com/1jamesthompson1/AIML430_capstone) | A study heavily inspired by reserach from Palisade research. Investigating the when and how various modern LLM cheat (replacing board, using chess engine, etc) when tasked with playing a game of chess.<br>_Completed as part of Master of AI_ |

### Older projects

Some older projects for completeness sake. We can call this the legacy section

| name | description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [Music school invoicing system](https://github.com/The-Rock-Academy) | A complete attendance management and  invoicing system built for a Music school based in Wellington. Uses App script and the Google Workspace environment.<br>_Work completed as a Contractor_ |
| [Expanding a R statistic package that assists blind users](https://github.com/ajrgodfrey/BrailleR) | Worked with Dr Godfrey developing the BrailleR package. Added support for audio visual exploration of graphs as well as supporting more graph types in the graph -> text pipeline <br> _Completed as part of Summer Research Grant from Massey University (2022/23)_ |

Exciting you finished the readme!
